content/blog/2022-10-31-co-teaching: Blog on co-teaching (#712)
coderefinery/coderefinery.org: content/blog/2022-10-31-co-teaching.md

will be boring and monotonous, right?  What if we told you that our
large, online, livestreamed courses feel more interactive than our old
small in-person courses?  Part of that is due to the parallel chat
(LINK), but a significant part also comes from co-teaching, the topic
of this article.

The basic idea is that we accept that the audience is probably going
to be quiet, and plant someone to interact with the instructor.  This
person doesn't pretend to be a student, but directly acts as a
co-instructor and the course becomes a discussion between them.  This
is different than having two instructors who alternate teaching, or an
instructor or helper.  It's more like a pilot-co-pilot situation,
where both pilots have a certain focus, but the flying is a continual
team process with both providing information to each other.

Doing co-teaching in practice requires some care, but isn't that hard.
There are different models, usually we try to designate a primary who
is going over the course material, and the other co-instructor acts as
a learner, asking questions and engaging by being the "voice of the
audience".  The co-instructor who isn't most actively talking spends

> some time watching the HackMD and raising these questions.  During

Reviewer: ```suggestion
some time watching the collaborative document for questions and notes and raising these questions.  During
```

Author: I changed to "parallel chat" and added link to other post.
